c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET.pdb
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\Kendo.Mvc.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\bg-BG\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\da-DK\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\de-DE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\es-ES\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\fr-FR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\nl-NL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\pl-PL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\pt-BR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\pt-PT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\ro-RO\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\ru-RU\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\sv-SE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\uk-UA\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\zh-CN\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\obj\Debug\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\obj\Debug\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET.dll
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\obj\Debug\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET.pdb
c:\users\karadachki\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\Kendo.Mvc.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET.pdb
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\Kendo.Mvc.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\Mono.Math.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\Kendo.Mvc.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\Mono.Math.xml
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\bg-BG\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\da-DK\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\de-DE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\es-ES\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\fr-FR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\nl-NL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\pl-PL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\pt-BR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\pt-PT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\ro-RO\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\ru-RU\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\sv-SE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\uk-UA\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\zh-CN\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\obj\Debug\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\obj\Debug\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET.dll
C:\work\home\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET\obj\Debug\SerializeDataWithJSON.NET.pdb
